fix(go/docsite): Update go documentation to remove indexers (#82)
genkit-ai/docsite: src/content/docs/go/docs/plugins/google-genai.md

}
```

> You can also pass an Embedder to a retriever's `Retrieve()` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can retrieve docs by passing in an input to a Retriever's `Retrieve()` method:
```
